Added obligation to print all SingatureItems. (#164)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/appendix-fr-boi-tva-decl-30-10-30/data-structures/data-structures.md

### Signature Entry

A Signature Entry can include an electronic signature for printing on the receipt and further information regarding the operational state of the fiskaltrust.SecurityMechanism.
Furthermore, but only when receipts with special functions are used, the previous state of the totalizers (in case of a temporal closure), can also be sent back in this block.

> All SignatureItems send back to the POS-System must be printed on the receipt, therefor the content of fields _Caption_ and _Data_ is mandatory to print.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All SignatureItems send back to the POS-System must be printed on the receipt, therefore it's mandatory to print the content of the fields _Caption_ and _Data_.
```
